nearly 4 months since the highest un
court ordered Israel to prevent
genocidal acts in Gaza it was back in
the H after it was accused of not
listening sadly South Africa is yet
again compelled to return to this court
in recognition of its obligation under
the genocide convention due to the
continuing annihilation of the
Palestinian people with over 35,000 now
killed and most of Gaza reduced to
Rubble South Africa says instead of
following binding court orders Israel
has escalated the situation with its
assault on Rafa calling it gaza's last
Refuge where 1 and a half million people
have been cramped together facing a
humanitarian
catastrophe this is the last step in the
destruction of Gaza and its Palestinian
people it was Rafa that brought South
Africa to the court
but it is all Palestinians as a national
ethnical and racial group who need the
protection from genocide that the court
can order when South Africa presented
its genocide case in January the death
th in Gaza stood at more than
23,000 the court then ordered Israel to
stop genocidal acts but refrained from
ordering a
ceasefire 4 months later South Africa
says the court has a last chance to stop
what it calls Israel's end game by
ordering its immediate withdrawal from
Gaza this is the fourth time South
Africa has ask this court for
provisional measures against Israel to
stop its Relentless attacks its
arguments sounding more urgent each time
with Israel pursuing its War AIMS in
Gaza many are wondering what
international Justice can do to prevent
and stop
genocide South Africa argues the court
does have the authority the essential
point is that the court has the power to
act to ensure that its previous orders
and its eventual judgment will not be
worthless and that the Palestinian
people will be
protected and that it needs to exercise
that power
now Israel will have its turn at the
court on Friday so far it has called the
accusations of genocide baseless but
with Egypt now reporting South Africa's
case international pressure on Israel in
and outside the court is increasing step
fasten elazer the
hake make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer